time
for a story help him remind
the people who you are the choice is
yours
evolve or die
can't sell war without my best sales
i guess i believe in him i want to
believe in you
let them know what real sacrifice
feels like soraya virginia
do you know how beautiful you look your
tongue is a
victim
is this what it takes there's a devil
a french quarter of new orleans none
better with the spice of life than the
old baron
mr world wants to know why mr wednesday
would bring a nobody
into his tribe i'm just a bodyguard
freit
grimmie needs you at the corn palace ask
for old ectomy
to attend gangner i need the eyes of
argus on my side to see my
enemies make the connection for me
you will meet in your reincarnation be
proud betty
media come on mr world wants you
keep an eye out for her dearly beloved
little bird told me shadow's on his way
i was old in the desert before they
sacrificed the first horse to you
i will be hurt i just need to get
it's cairo
mrs moon and i have a date with my old
friend argus
the man with all the eyes argus panoptis
i wonder if you don't choose
will you be trampled by paws
i told argus to upgrade this hub eons
ago
get your man in line
he's been playing both sides and i need
to get him off the field
he dies your coin recharges live
to see the future
[Music]
um guys never mind
i'm ruby ruby good child
it's good to meet you ruby i truly want
your life back
i might have another option for you i
will literally do anything
when it was a flourishing town at the
crossing two rivers
that was when we became the funeral
pilot for the color folks here abouts
this is an instrument of death that my
very old friend
is not your [ __ ] concern you're
getting fire eyes on the ferry to fetch
your [ __ ] spear for you
mark my words you're gonna need the
baron dead wife
i'll see you in new orleans
[Music]
my spear okay gentlemen the king of the
dwarves awaits us
alves son of vendels
the wondrous gangnam the rooms require
attention all father and roon carving is
divalen's domain i went to war once or
it was meant to
i owe a battle you're following
wednesday so you can fight in his war
and die and for that you run his errands
have you seen that little bastard lately
the runes have been etched things are
happening ahead of schedule this is all
wednesday he sends you to [ __ ] my plan
and then he sends you to [ __ ] me you
started the first wall
you will finish the last one more step
growing grow i don't do wednesday's
errands because i like him
i do him because i [ __ ] owe him
i hate that when i come
hello friend it looks like he's
forgotten about you
i [ __ ] her in new orleans gonna die
soon when the time comes
don't get in the [ __ ] way
a night [ __ ]
hello friend i'm sorry
i don't believe you that's when he died
last night
came up wednesday i got no way mr
wednesday is a psychopath
he had me killed did you know that he is
behind all of this
puppy he is the root [ __ ] cause
i'm gonna kill wednesday are you gonna
try and stop me free country
you are not
made in god's image
untouched by god
unlike you i actually can be into places
and points are describing these men as
persons of interest is dead wednesday
and shadow have killed police officers
did you kill the police in indiana no
any of these men call the illinois state
police tip lineup
your move shadow moon it may also
activate the state emergency
you have told me
don't let him find you sometimes you
remind me of my son
it has been confirmed that the
terrorists gained control of the argus
drone
by hacking into the zcom servers in
silicon valley
my boy is gonna be just fine
have a nice night mr insult
[Music]
you